---
layout: modern
title: Coming from Shanghai and Else
---

Having come from Shanghai, I do not feel quite excited but normal. I have been there for times, hence it's not unique and special to me anymore. But I did learn a lot from courses I took there, e.g. what a real writing should be.

Recently I bought some novels from Amazon to practice English skills, they are *Animal Farm* written by George Orwell, *Lord of the Flies* written by William Golding, and *Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban*, of course, written by J.K. Rowing. These books, I believe, are fascinating and great. In *Animal Farm*, after revolting and driving the farmer out of the farm, the animals, especially Snowball the pig, renamed it "Animal Farm" and then took over. Gone are the human, but the pigs became the new lord, they "manage" the farm. "All animals are equal", proposed by Snowball, however, "Some animals are more equal than others". Doubtlessly the pigs is the new human, they do have four legs but control other animals in the farm rather than work with them. George Orwell wrote the novel in 1944 yet, what he reflected lasted - whether in the past, present or the unpredictable future. It is the reason some novels like *Animal Farm* can be so popular and read by people until now.

I long to watch the movie *The Internship* that shows us a story of two salesmen whose careers torpedoed by digital companies obtained a internship in Google. Graham, another aggressive and smart intern, who believes only his team will be the winner always bullies Nick and Billy's team. His beats Nick and Billy's team on Muggle Quidditch and Hotline competition, it seems that numbers of Graham's team would be guaranteed jobs with Google.

As the story goes, Nick and Billy they don't just stop halfway but draw inspiration from their own life - even in a bar. People always tend to take it for granted that when it occurs to technology, the new defeats the old - in that they forget the latter having experience knows how to communicate and deal with people. That is why N & B's team wins the last task - help Google connect with potential customers and simultaneous use resources help them expand their business. As I mentioned that Nick and Billy are salesmen before, they make it.

Cooperation also helps N & B's team win the tasks, Muggle Quidditch is one of obvious examples. they lose 70 points at the first place but make a draw later, though they lose the game.

So I may draw a conclusion why they are guaranteed jobs at very last, but I'd like to say it's because cooperation and the experience the two men have that invites success. Of course two factors may not lead to the final success, they are more out there.