---
layout: default
title: TOEFL One Important Skill
---

> What is a very important skill a person should learn in order to be successful in the world today? 

> Choose one skill and use specific reasons and examples to support your choice.

Different people define success differently as well as the skills lead themselves to be successful. Many factors have effects on success for people, some think the abilities to express ideas clearly and not be afraid of public speaking are significant, others prefer to owning better writing skills.

I think writing is always far more important than people just realize. As in the ancient time, people have not invented writing, languages and tools for recording. With time going, people started writing on silk and leaves, and then, on bamboo, paper. With the help of tools, people began to record the history and write what they thought.

Sometimes I may be nervous when I deliver a speech in front of people, but it isn't the reason why I prefer writing to speaking. I think writing generates and records ideas. Having ideas is a important factor of being successful, but as we know, the ability to execute is more important in a way. What I want to emphasize is when you have ideas in mind, you can write them down, and polish them later. During the process, you will be able to learn how to make your own writing simpler and fascinating, easier for others to understand. As for me, when I finished a blog, I usually "rewrite" it, and "rewrite" it till no mistakes and simplest. I barely publish blogs without rewrite them.

Compared to writing, apparently speaking is not easy to express. Usually you have to write a draft in order to clear your mind, and then polish it, deliver it. But nowadays, Internet being popular is the carrier of information, you don't need to shout in the public to spread your mind, instead you can easily write blogs and tell other people. Visitors may recommend your blogs to more people, maybe after some years, your blogs do have a influence and you will easily spread your ideas and be successful.

Thus even you don't have the confidence to deliver a speech, you still have the chance to share ideas - and may be more efficient. In my mind, public speaking elicits audience with emotional reactions, but writing leads to thinking. That's what it is for.