---
layout: modern
title: O, nonsense
---

I usually get up at 8 o'clock or even later. But wait, have I decided to aspire after what I want and pursue it? Of course, it sounds like a fact. Hence I got up at 7 o'clock today's morning, so I would have two more hours to finish boring work in everyday morning and increase my productivity after morning.

When I watching *The Newsroom* this morning, in a sense, I felt intense - though not strong as Season One. Finishing watching, I laid down on the ground, closed my eyes and meditated - what if I work in the media, what it would be like? To be honest, I've never thought about that or other careers. Hm... I think I ever considered another job - how about a war correspondent? Eh... I don't like Egypt, and other sandy counties. What if a war broke out in the space? I want to own a Millennium Falcon with hyperspace thruster, even Darth Vader can NOT shoot me down, XD.

In the afternoon, I reinstalled the latest Emacs, which is a code and text editor software. As a matter of fact, it can achieve more. But unfortunately, I spent nearly two hours googling how not to startup it without opening X window, I failed. Only thing I should do is to input "emacs -nw" instead of just "emacs", I won't freak out.

The very last thing I want to mention is the night, I'm going to refrain it. Ooooops.. things happen inevitably, the Sun rises tomorrow early morning and then falls in the dusk. Another unhappy night, I fell isolated from thee. Probably you wouldn't think so. You proposed it, always, Hmm...

Maybe just looking what happens next is the best methodology to "act". Thus when I'm upset with someone, all I should do is to change what I think and act. After all, No one is capable of controlling other people around him/her. Imagine I live in a vacuum and calm down.

Or, I change things I can, sometimes that's enough, maybe.

P.S. It's not a TOEFL essay, so I'm not going to use big words to polish it over and over. 
