---
layout: modern
title: On Gollum
---

I was trying to write a complete and insightful review on *The Lord of the Rings (film) trilogy*, but it seems too long to finish. So why not just write short critical reviews on some crucial roles in the film series first?

Gollum, originally known as Smeagol, once goes fishing with his relative Deagol in the Gladden Fields on his birthday. There, after being pulled into the water, Deagol finds the Ring lying on the bed and then grabs it. When he comes out of the river, Smeagol demands it as his birthday present. Refused by Deagol, Smeagol seems falls under the spell of the Ring and crazily scrambles for it. As the story goes, Smeagol kills Deagol and wins it.

The One Ring was forged by the Dark Lord Sauron in Mount Doom during the Second Age, helping Sauron control over the power of all the other rings. It looks plain and usual, but when heated its inscription appears: "One ring to rule them all, One ring to find them, One ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them". And The Ring would extend the life of a mortal possessor indefinitely by preventing natural aging, meanwhile it corrupts the body and mind of its bearer.

Accordingly the One Ring makes Smeagol known as Gollum - He was naive and happy like a Hobbit. But he becomes poor, old and listless as long as owning the Ring, which he called "My precious" invites so many effects.

Gollum keeps the Ring for 500 years until Bilbo Baggins found the Ring and took it for his own. In the rest of Gollum's life, he never stops his pursuit for it, for which I tend to believe that the reason is because of the Ring corrupting him rather than his love for it - When Frodo makes up his mind not to destroy the Ring but puts it in his finger, Gollum finds Frodo invisible and climbs on Frodo's invisible body and takes the Ring madly from Frodo's finger. Even he falls from the cliff of Mount Doom holding it in his hand.

Gollum was corrupted by the Ring before Bilbo took it, however, Gollum as a Hobbit was not corrupted completely - despite his possession over 500 years, Hobbits are resistant to the process of corruption, therefore, he has dual personality - Good Smeagol and bad Gollum - Which always torment him, especially at night.

Above all, Gollum is a pathetic role in the Lord of the Rings. He can not go back to his hometown but relies on the Ring. I previously thought it was greed that makes him so sad, but turns out it is the Ring. So I learned that one can not just judge a thing before one understands everything one ought to know.